Update ide0060.md (#23364)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/style-rules/ide0060.md

> This rule concerns with flagging unused parameters. The option value determines if unused parameters should be flagged only for non-public methods or for both public and non-public methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule flags unused parameters. The option value determines if unused parameters should be flagged only for non-public methods or for both public and non-public methods.
```

> This rule does not flag parameters that are named with the discard symbol, for example, `_`, `_1`, and `_2`. This reduces warning noise on parameters that are needed for signature requirements, for example, a method used as a delegate, a parameter with special attributes, or a parameter whose value is implicitly accessed at run time by a framework but is not referenced in code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule does not flag parameters that are named with the [discard](../../../csharp/discards.md) symbol `_`. In addition, the rule ignores parameters that are named with the discard symbol followed by an integer, for example,  `_1`. This behavior reduces warning noise on parameters that are needed for signature requirements, for example, a method used as a delegate, a parameter with special attributes, or a parameter whose value is implicitly accessed at run time by a framework but is not referenced in code.
```
